redmine-freshbooks
==================
Tools for importing data from the Redmine issue tracker system to FreshBooks for invoicing

This is a quick Python-based API implementation for FreshBooks, which I am using to write a series of tools to help make billing easier for organizations that use Redmine for issue tracking and FreshBooks for client invoicing.

There are two utilities here that may be of interest:

- list_clients: Fetches and prints a list of all clients registered in your account. "list_clients -s clientname" prints only records matching "clientname". Mostly useful because you need the internal FB client ID to feed to the included csv_to_invoice utility.

- csv_to_invoice: Reads a CSV file in the format generated by Redmine from the "Details" tab of a project's hour logs, then generates and creates (using the FB API) an invoice based on these logs. Names, ticket numbers, and descriptions are perserved (and the format of FB's built-in  hourlog-to-invoice generator is imitated). Requires you to specify a client ID to be billed, the rate per hour (doesn't currently support different rates for different tasks), and the file to be read. Can optionally specify the date which otherwise defaults to today. A sample CSV file is included if you want to generate a similar format from some other source.

You must edit the config.py file to add your FreshBooks domain name and secret token before using. You can find these values in "My settings" -> "FreshBooks API" in your account.

These tools were developed to make life easier at Alley Interactive.

Author info:

Matt Johnson, Alley Interactive
matt@alleyinteractive.com